README.md, before:

# GoAnime Player

![Main Interface](docs/assets/anime-search.png)

A desktop application for streaming and downloading anime, built with Wails (Go), React, and HLS. It features a unified search interface, intelligent metadata matching, and proximity-based proxy for efficient streaming.

## Screenshots

<p align="center">
  <img src="docs/assets/recent-page.png" width="31%" alt="Recent Page" />
  <img src="docs/assets/anime-preview.png" width="31%" alt="Anime Preview" />
  <img src="docs/assets/favorites-page.png" width="31%" alt="Favorites Page" />
</p>

## Features

- **High-Performance Streaming**: Integrated proxy server with HLS support for smooth playback.
- **Dynamic Metadata**: Real-time anime details, synopsis, and high-quality artwork via MyAnimeList integration.
- **Intelligent Dub Matching**: Automatic resolution of dubbed versions for subbed entries using fuzzy-title scoring.
- **Advanced Downloads**: Multi-threaded downloader with support for HLS-to-MP4 conversion.
- **Unified Cache**: Cross-version metadata caching to prevent redundant API calls.

## Tech Stack

- **Backend**: Go 1.24+
- **Frontend**: React (TypeScript), Tailwind CSS
- **Framework**: Wails v2
- **Core Library**: Modified [GoAnime](https://github.com/alvarorichard/Goanime) (bundled in `libs/GoAnime` for custom patches)

## Development

### Prerequisites

- Go (1.24 or higher)
- Node.js (v18+)
- FFmpeg (required for download remuxing)
- [Wails CLI](https://wails.io/docs/gettingstarted/installation)

### Installation

1. Clone the repository.
2. Ensure you have the bundled library:
   ```bash
   git submodule update --init --recursive
   ```
3. Generate Go bindings and start the dev environment:
   ```bash
   wails dev
   ```

### Building

To create a production-ready Windows executable:
```bash
wails build -clean -platform windows/amd64
```

## Credits

Special thanks to [alvarorichard](https://github.com/alvarorichard) for the original GoAnime library. This project uses a modified version to handle specific scraping.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the `libs/GoAnime/LICENSE` file for details.

Commit message:

chore: added disclaimer because I dont take responsibility

README.md, after:

# GoAnime Player

![Main Interface](docs/assets/anime-search.png)

A desktop application for streaming and downloading anime, built with Wails (Go), React, and HLS. It features a unified search interface, intelligent metadata matching, and proximity-based proxy for efficient streaming.

> [!CAUTION]
> This software is for educational purposes only. The developer does not take any responsibility for copyright infringement or misuse of the application. Users are responsible for complying with the terms of service of any third-party providers accessed via this software.

## Screenshots

<p align="center">
  <img src="docs/assets/recent-page.png" width="31%" alt="Recent Page" />
  <img src="docs/assets/anime-preview.png" width="31%" alt="Anime Preview" />
  <img src="docs/assets/favorites-page.png" width="31%" alt="Favorites Page" />
</p>

## Features

- **High-Performance Streaming**: Integrated proxy server with HLS support for smooth playback.
- **Dynamic Metadata**: Real-time anime details, synopsis, and high-quality artwork via MyAnimeList integration.
- **Intelligent Dub Matching**: Automatic resolution of dubbed versions for subbed entries using fuzzy-title scoring.
- **Advanced Downloads**: Multi-threaded downloader with support for HLS-to-MP4 conversion.
- **Unified Cache**: Cross-version metadata caching to prevent redundant API calls.

## Tech Stack

- **Backend**: Go 1.24+
- **Frontend**: React (TypeScript), Tailwind CSS
- **Framework**: Wails v2
- **Core Library**: Modified [GoAnime](https://github.com/alvarorichard/Goanime) (bundled in `libs/GoAnime` for custom patches)

## Development

### Prerequisites

- Go (1.24 or higher)
- Node.js (v18+)
- FFmpeg (required for download remuxing)
- [Wails CLI](https://wails.io/docs/gettingstarted/installation)

### Installation

1. Clone the repository.
2. Ensure you have the bundled library:
   ```bash
   git submodule update --init --recursive
   ```
3. Generate Go bindings and start the dev environment:
   ```bash
   wails dev
   ```

### Building

To create a production-ready Windows executable:
```bash
wails build -clean -platform windows/amd64
```

## Credits

Special thanks to [alvarorichard](https://github.com/alvarorichard) for the original GoAnime library. This project uses a modified version to handle specific scraping.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the `libs/GoAnime/LICENSE` file for details.
